README.md, before:

Project Title
One Paragraph of project description goes here

Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

Prerequisites
What things you need to install the software and how to install them

Give examples
Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

Give the example
And repeat

until finished
End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

Built With
Dropwizard - The web framework used
Maven - Dependency Management
ROME - Used to generate RSS Feeds

Commit message:

edited README w/ edit syntax - testing

README.md, after:

Out & About 
===========
An application designed to help people get off their couches, faces away from a screen, and find fun events in their local community.

Motivation
----------
The idea for the app dawned on me when I personally needed to search for events locally so my wife and I can find fun things to do. 

Screenshots
----------
Login Screen/Landing Page:

![Alt text](/relative/path/to/img.jpg?raw=true "Optional Title")

Give examples
Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

Give the example
And repeat

until finished
End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

Built With
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
jQuery
